Before using your Microwave Oven, please read this manual carefully and
keep it for future reference.

Microwave Oven
User Manual
MODEL: DW 395 HCG

Inside, you will ﬁnd many helpful hints on how to use and maintain your Microwave Oven properly. Just a little
preventive care on your part can save you a great deal of time and money over the life of your Microwave Oven.

PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO
EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY
1. Do not attempt to operate this oven with the door open since open-door operation
can result in harmful exposure to microwave energy. It is important not to defeat or
tamper with the safety interlocks.
2. Do not place any object between the oven front face and the door or allow soil or
cleaner residue to accumulate on sealing surfaces.
3. Do not operate the oven if it is damaged. It is very important that the oven door
closes properly and that there is no damage to the:
a) Door (including any bent),
b) Hinges and latches (broken or loosened),
c) Door seals and sealing surfaces.
4. The oven should not be adjusted or repaired by anyone except qualiﬁed service
personnel.

IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS
When using electrical appliance basic safety precautions should be followed, including the
following:
WARNING -To reduce the risk of burns, electric shock, ﬁre, injury to persons or exposure
to excessive microwave energy:
1. Read all instructions before using the appliance and keep for future reference.
2. Use this appliance only for its intended use as described in the manual. Do not
use corrosive chemicals or vapors in this appliance. This type of oven is speciﬁcally
designed to heat, cook or dry food. It is not designed for industrial or laboratory use.
3. Do not operate the oven when empty.
4. Do not operate this appliance if it has a damaged cord or plug, if it is not working
properly, or if it has been damaged or dropped. If the supply cord is damaged, it must
be replaced by the manufacturer or its service agent or a similarly qualiﬁed person in
order to avoid a hazard.
5. WARNING - Only allow children to use the oven without supervision when adequate
instructions have been given so that the child is able to use the oven in a safe way
and understands the hazards of improper use.
6. WARNING - When the appliance is operated in the combination mode, children
should only use the oven under adult supervision due to the temperatures generated
7. To reduce the risk of ﬁre in the oven cavity:
When heating food in plastic or paper container, keep an eye on the oven due to the
possibility of ignition.
Remove wire twist-ties from paper or plastic bags before placing bag in oven.
If smoke is observed, switch off or unplug the appliance and keep the door closed in
order to stiﬂe any ﬂames.
Do not use the cavity for storage purposes. Do not leave paper products, cooking
utensils, or food in the cavity when not in use.
The microwave oven is intended for heating food and beverages. Drying of clothing
and heating of warming pads, slippers, sponges, damp cloth and similar may lead to
risk of injury, ignition or ﬁre.
8. WARNING - Liquid or other food must not be heated in sealed containers since they
are liable to explode.
9. Microwave heating of beverage can result in delayed eruptive boiling, therefore care
has to be taken when handle the container.
10. Do not fry food in the oven. Hot oil can damage oven parts and utensils and even
result in skin burns.
11. Eggs in their shells and whole hard-boiled eggs should not be heated in microwave
ovens since they may explode even after microwave heating has ended.
12. Pierce foods with heavy skins such as potatoes, whole squashes, apples and chest
nuts before cooking.
13. The contents of feeding bottles and baby jars should be stirred or shaken and the
temperature should be checked before serving in order to avoid burns.
14. Cooking utensils may become hot because of heat transferred from the heated food.
Potholders may be needed to handle the utensils.
15. Utensils should be checked to ensure that they are suitable for use in microwave
oven.
16. WARNING - It is hazardous for anyone other than a trained person to carry out any
service or repair operation which involves the removal of any cover which gives
protection against exposure to microwave energy.
17. This Microwave complies with EN 55011/CISPR 11, in this standard it belongs to
Class B Group 2 classiﬁcation. Group 2 equipment: Group 2 contains all ISM RF
equipment in which radio-frequency energy in the frequency range 9 kHz to 400 GHz
is intentionally generated and used or only used locally, in the form of electromagnetic
radiation, inductive and/or capacitive coupling, for the treatment of material, for
inspection/analysis purposes, or for transfer of electromagnetic energy. Class B
equipment is the equipment suitable for use in locations in residential environments
and in establishments directly connected to a low voltage power supply network which
supplies buildings used for domestic purposes.
18. This appliance is not intended for use by persons (including children) with reduced
physical, sensory or mental capabilities, or lack of experience and knowledge, unless
they have been given supervision or instruction concerning use of the appliance by a
person responsible for their safety.
19. Children should be supervised to ensure that they do not play with the appliance.
20. The microwave oven is only used in freestanding.
21. WARNING - Do not install oven over a range cooktop or other heat-producing
appliance. If installed, it could be damaged and the warranty would be void.
22. The microwave oven shall not be placed in a cabinet.
23. The door or the outer surface may get hot when the appliance is operating.
24. WARNING - Accessible parts may become hot during use. Young children should be
kept away.
25. During use the appliances becomes hot. Care should be taken to avoid touching
heating elements inside the oven, for cooking ranged and ovens.
26. The temperature of accessible surfaces may be high when the appliance is operating.
27. Appliance is not to be used by children or persons with reduced physical, sensory or
mental capabilities, or lack of experience and knowledge, unless they have been given
supervision or instruction.
28. WARNING - If the door or door seals are damaged, the oven must not be operated
until it has been repaired by a competent person.
29. The appliances are not intended to be operated by means of an external timer or
separate remote-control system.
30. The microwave oven is for household use only and not for commercial use.
31. Never remove the distance holder in the back or on the sides, as it ensures a
minimum distance from the wall for air circulation.
32. Please secure the turntable before you move the appliance to avoid damages.
33. CAUTION - It is dangerous to repair or maintain the appliance by no other than a
specialist because under these circumstances the cover has to be removed which
assures protection against microwave radiation. This applies to changing the power
cord or the lighting as well. Send the appliance in these cases to our service centre.
34. The microwave oven is intended for defrosting, cooking and steaming of food only.
35. Use gloves if you remove any heated food.
36. Caution - Steam will escape, when opening lids or wrapping foil.
37. This appliance can be used by children aged 8 years and above and persons
with reduced physical, sensory or mental capabilities or lack of experience and
knowledge if they have been given supervision or instruction concerning use of the
appliance in a safe way and understand the hazards involved. Children shall not play
with the appliance. Cleaning and user maintenance shall not be made by children
unless they are aged 8 years and above and supervised.
38. If smoke is emitted, switch off or unplug the appliance and keep the door closed in
order to stiﬂe any ﬂames.

INSTALLATION GUIDE
1. Make sure that all the packing materials are removed from the inside of the door.
2. WARNING - Check the oven for any damage, such as misaligned or bent door,
damaged door seals and sealing surface, broken or loose door hinges and latches
and dents inside the cavity or on the door. If there is any damage, do not operate the
oven and contact qualiﬁed service personnel.
3. This microwave oven must be placed on a ﬂat, stable surface to hold its weight and
the heaviest food likely to be cooked in the oven.
4. Do not place the oven where heat, moisture, or high humidity are generated, or near
combustible materials.
5. For correct operation, the oven must have sufﬁcient airﬂow. Allow minimum 20cm of
free space necessary above the top surface of the oven and 5cm at both sides. The
microwave oven rear plate must be placed close to the wall. Do not cover or block any
openings on the appliance. Do not remove feet.
6. Do not operate the oven without glass tray, roller support, and shaft in their proper
positions.
7. Make sure that the power supply cord is undamaged and does not run under the oven
or over any hot or sharp surface.
8. The socket must be readily accessible so that it can be easily unplugged in an
emergency.
9. Do not use the oven outdoors.

GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS
This appliance must be grounded. This oven is equipped with a cord having a grounding
wire with a grounding plug. It must be plugged into a wall receptacle that is properly
installed and grounded. In the event of an electrical short circuit, grounding reduces risk of
electric shock by providing an escape wire for the electric current. It is recommended that
a separate circuit, serving only the oven, be provided. Using a high voltage is dangerous
and may result in a ﬁre or other accident causing oven damage.
WARNING - Improper use of the grounding plug can result in a risk of electric shock.
Note:
1. If you have any questions about the grounding or electrical instructions, consult a
qualiﬁed electrician or service person.
2. Neither the manufacturer nor the dealer can accept any liability for damage to the
oven or personal injury resulting from failure to observe the electrical connection
procedures.
The wires in this cable mains are coloured in accordance with the following code:
Green and Yellow = EARTH
Blue = NEUTRAL
Brown = LIVE

RADIO INTERFERENCE
Operation of the microwave oven can cause interference to your radio, TV, or similar
equipment. When there is interference, it may be reduced or eliminated by taking the
following measures:
1. Clean door and sealing surface of the oven.
2. Reorient the receiving antenna of radio or television.
3. Relocate the microwave oven with respect to the receiver.
4. Move the microwave oven away from the receiver.
5. Plug the microwave oven into a different outlet so that microwave oven and receiver
are on different branch circuits.

BEFORE CALLING FOR SERVICE
Before asking for service, please check each item below:
Check to ensure the oven is plugged in securely. If not, remove the plug from the
outlet, wait 10 seconds, and plug it in again securely.
Check for a blown circuit fuse or a tripped main circuit breaker. If these seem to be
operating properly, test the outlet with another appliance.
Check to ensure the control panel is programmed correctly and the timer is set.
Check to ensure the door is securely closed, engaging the door lock system. If the
door is not properly closed, the microwave energy will not ﬂow inside.
IF NONE OF THE ABOVE RECTIFIES THE SITUATION, THEN CONTACT A QUALIFIED TECHNICIAN. DO NOT TRY TO ADJUST OR REPAIR THE OVEN YOURSELF.

COOKING TECHNIQUES
1. Arrange food carefully. Place thickest areas towards outside of dish.
2. Watch cooking time. Cook for the shortest amount of time indicated and add more as
needed. Foods severely overcooked can smoke or ignite.
3. Cover foods while cooking. Covers prevent spattering and help foods to cook evenly.
4. Turn foods over once during microwave cooking to speed cooking of such foods as
chicken and hamburgers. Large items like roasts must be turned over at least once.
5. Rearrange foods such as meatballs halfway through cooking both from top to bottom
and from the center of the dish to the outside.

COOKING UTENSILS GUIDE
1. Microwave cannot penetrate metal. Only use utensils that are suitable for use in
microwave ovens. Metallic containers for food and beverages are not allowed during
microwave cooking. This requirement is not applicable if the manufacturer speciﬁes
size and shape of metallic containers suitable for microwave cooking.
2. Microwave cannot penetrate metal, so metal utensils or dishes with metallic trim
should not be used.
3. Do not use recycled paper products when microwave cooking, as they may contain
small metal fragments which may cause sparks and/or ﬁres.
4. Round /Oval dishes rather than square/oblong ones are recommended, as food in
corners tends to overcook.
5. Narrow strips of aluminum foil may be used to prevent overcooking of exposed areas.
But be careful, don’t use too much and keep a distance of 1 inch (2.54cm) between
foil and cavity.
The list below is a general guide to help you select the correct utensils.

COOKWARE
Heat–Resistant Glass: MICROWAVE-Yes; GRILL-Yes
Non Heat–Resistant Glass: MICROWAVE-No; GRILL-No
Heat–Resistant Ceramics: MICROWAVE-Yes; GRILL-Yes
Microwave–Safe Plastic Dish: MICROWAVE-Yes; GRILL-No
Kitchen Paper: MICROWAVE-Yes; GRILL-No
Metal Tray: MICROWAVE-No; GRILL-Yes
Metal Rack: MICROWAVE-No; GRILL-Yes
Aluminum Foil & Foil Containers: MICROWAVE-No; GRILL-Yes


SPECIFICATIONS
Power Consumption:
230V/50Hz, 1400W(Microwave)
1000W(Grill)
900W
2450MHz
281mm(H)×483mm(W)×410mm(D)
220mm(H)×340mm(W)×344mm(D)
25Litres
Approx.14kg

Rated Microwave Power Output
Operation Frequency
Outside Dimensions
Oven Cavity Dimensions
Oven Capacity
Net Weight

PRODUCT DIAGRAM
1. Door Safety Lock System
2. Oven Window
3. Shaft
4. Roller Ring
5. Control Panel
6. Wave Guide
(Please do not remove the mica
plate covering the wave guide)
7. Glass Tray
8. Grill Heater
9. Metal Rack

CONTROL PANEL
DISPLAY
Cooking time, power, indicators and clock
time are displayed.
POWER/CLOCK
Press to select microwave power level.
Use to set clock time.
GRILL/COMBI.
Press to set grill cooking program.
Press to set microwave and grill combination
cooking program.
MENU/TIME (dial)
Turn the dial to set time.
Turn the dial to select auto cooking menus.
START/QUICK START (the dial)
Press the dial to start cooking and defrosting
programs.
Simply press the dial a number of times to
set cooking time and cook immediately at full
power level.
DISINFECT/DEODORIZE/ECO
Use to set disinfect, deodorize and power
saving functions.
STOP/CANCEL
Press once to temporarily stop cooking, or
twice to cancel cooking altogether.
It is also used to set child lock.


OPERATION INSTRUCTIONS
When the oven is plugged in, a beep will sound and the display will show "1:00"
and "
"
In the process of setting, wait about 30 seconds the oven will return to standby
mode.
During cooking, if press STOP/CANCEL button once, the program will be paused, and
then press START/QUICK START button once to resume. But if press STOP/CAN
CEL twice, the program will be cancelled.
After cooking ends, the display will show End and beep will sound every two minutes
until user presses any button or opens the door.
SETTING CLOCK TIME
This is a 12- or 24- hour clock. You can choose to set the clock time in 12- or 24- hour by
pressing POWER/CLOCK button in standby mode.
1. In standby mode, press and hold POWER/CLOCK button for 3 seconds to select 12hour clock, and then press it again to select 24- hour clock.
2. Turn MENU/TIME dial to set hour digit.
3. Press POWER/CLOCK or START/QUICK START button once.
4. Turn MENU/TIME dial to set minute digit.
5. Press POWER/CLOCK or START/QUICK START button to conﬁrm.
MICROWAVE COOKING
1. In standby mode, press POWER/CLOCK repeatedly to select cooking power level.
2. Turn MENU/TIME dial to set cooking time. The longest time is 95 minutes.
3. Press START/QUICK START button to conﬁrm.
Press POWER/CLOCK button to select power level:
Press POWER/CLOCK
Once
Twice
3 times
4 times
5 times
6 times

Power (Display)
100% (100)
90% (90)
80%(80)
70% (70)
60% (60)
50% (50)

Press POWER/CLOCK
7 times
8 times
9 times
10 times
11 times

Power (Display)
40% (40)
30% (30)
20% (20)
10% (10)
0% (00)

NOTE: You can check the cooking power level during cooking by pressing POWER/CLOCK button.

EXPRESS COOKING
Use this feature to program the oven to microwave food at 100% power conveniently. In
standby mode, press START/QUICK START button repeatedly to set cooking time (each
press to increase 30 seconds, and up to 10 minutes), the oven starts working automatically at full power.
GRILL
Grill cooking is particularly useful for thin slices of meat, steaks, chops, kebabs, sausages and pieces of chicken. It is also suitable for hot sandwiches and au gratin dishes.
1. In standby mode, press GRILL/COMBI. button once.
2. Turn MENU/TIME dial to set cooking time. The longest time is 95 minutes.
3. Press START/QUICK START button to conﬁrm.
COMBINATION
Combination 1: 30% of time for microwave cooking, 55% time for grill cooking and 15% time
the oven will stop working in one cycle. Use for ﬁsh, potatoes or au gratin.
Combination 2: 40% of time for microwave cooking, 15% time the oven will stop working and
45% for grill cooking in one cycle. Use for pudding, omelets, baked potatoes and poultry.
1. In standby mode, press GRILL/COMBI. button 2 or 3 times to select "Co-1" or "Co-2".
2. Turn MENU/TIME dial to set cooking time. The longest time is 95 minutes.
3. Press START/QUICK START button to conﬁrm.
NOTE: During cooking, you can press GRILL/COMBI. button to check the combination
power level.
DISINFECT FUNCTION
1. In standby mode, press DISINFECT/DEODORIZE/ECO once. The display shows the
disinfection mode 1 code "dIS1". Then you can select the disinfection mode 2, turn
MENU/TIME dial until the display shows "dIS2".
2. Press START/QUICK START button to conﬁrm.

NOTE: The working time of disinfection mode 1 is 1 minute, and that of disinfection
mode 2 is 3 minutes.

DEODORIZE FUNCTION
1. In standby mode, press DISINFECT/DEODORIZE/ECO once. The display shows the
disinfection mode 1 code "dIS1". Then turn MENU/TIME dial until the display shows the
deodorization mode code dEo.
2. Press START/QUICK START button to conﬁrm.
NOTE: The deodorization time is 5 minutes.

DIS1
DIS2
Plate (Glass/Ceramic)
Cutting Board (Plastic)
Glove (Rubber/Latex Glove Baby Bottle (Glass & Plastic PP)
not recommended)
Hand Towel
Mittens (Cloth)

ECO FUNCTION
To set:
1. In standby mode, press DISINFECT/DEODORIZE/ECO once. The display shows the
disinfection mode 1 code "dIS1". Then turn MENU/TIME dial until the display shows the
power saving mode code ECO.
2. Press START/QUICK START button to conﬁrm.
To cancel: In power saving mode, the power saving function can be cancelled by
opening or closing the oven door, pressing any button or turning MENU/TIME dial once,
and then the oven will return to standby mode.
AUTO DEFROST
The time and the defrosting power are adjusted automatically once the weight is
programmed. The frozen food weight ranges from 100 g to 1800 g.
1. In standby mode, turn MENU/TIME dial anti-clockwise twice. Then the display shows
"10", "AUTO" and " ".
2. Press START/QUICK START button once.
3. Turn MENU/TIME dial to set food weight.
4. Press START/QUICK START button to conﬁrm.
NOTE: During defrosting, the system will pause and sound beeps to remind user to turn
food over, and then press START/QUICK START button to resume.
MULTI-STAGE COOKING
Your oven can be programmed for up to 3 automatic cooking sequences.
Suppose you want to set the following cooking program.
Microwave cooking
Microwave cooking (with lower power level)
1. Input the ﬁrst microwave cooking program. Do not press START/QUICK START.
3. Input the second microwave cooking program.
4. Press START/QUICK START button to start.
NOTE: Auto cook menus, auto defrost, disinfection function, deodorization function and
power saving function cannot be set in multistage cooking program.
CHILD LOCK
The childproof lock prevents unsupervised operation by children.
To set: In standby mode, press and hold STOP/CANCEL button for 3 seconds, then a
beep will sound and the indicator light will turn on. In the lock state, all buttons are
disabled.
To cancel: Press and hold STOP/CANCEL button for 3 seconds, then a beep will sound
and the indicator light will disappear.

AUTO COOK
For the following food or cooking mode, it is not necessary to program the cooking time
and power. It is sufﬁcient to indicate the type of food that you want to cook as well as the
weight or servings of this food.
1. In standby mode, turn MENU/TIME dial anti-clockwise once, the display shows food
code "1", and then continue to turn the dial to select others food code.
2. Press START/QUICK START button once.
3. Turn MENU/TIME dial to select food weight or servings.
4. Press START/QUICK START button to start.
Auto cook menus:
Code
1 Food
2 Milk/Coffee (200 ml/cup, 1-3 cups)
3 Rice (150-600 g)
4 Spaghetti (100 g, 200 g, 300 g)
5 Potato (230 g/serving, 1-3 servings)
6 Auto Reheat (200-800 g)
7 Chicken (800-1400 g)
8 Beef/Mutton (200-600 g)
9 Skewered Meat (100-500 g)

Note
For items 7~9, during cooking, the system
will pause to remind user to turn food
over, and then press START/QUICK
START button to resume.
The result of auto cooking depends on
factors such as voltage ﬂuctuation, the
shape and size of food, your personal
preference as to the doneness of certain
foods and even how well you happen to
place food in the oven. If you ﬁnd the
result at any rate not quite satisfactory,
please adjust the cooking time a little bit
accordingly.

CLEANING AND CARE
1. Turn off the oven and unplug the power cord from the wall when cleaning.
2. Keep the inside of the oven clean. When food splatters or spilled liquids adhere to
oven walls, wipe with a damp cloth. Mild detergents may be used if the oven gets very
dirty. Avoid using spray or other harsh cleaners. They may stain, streak or dull the
door surface.
3. The outside of the oven should be cleaned with a damp cloth. To prevent damage to
the operating parts inside the oven, water should not be allowed to seep into the
ventilation openings.
4. Wipe the door and window on both sides, the door seals and adjacent parts frequently
with a damp cloth to remove any spills or spatters. Do not use abrasive cleaner.
5. A steam cleaner is not be used.
6. Do not allow the control panel to become wet. Clean with a soft, damp cloth. When
cleaning the control panel, leave oven door open to prevent oven from accidentally
turning on.
7. If steam accumulates inside or around the outside of the oven door, wipe with a soft
cloth. This may occur when the microwave oven is operated under high humidity
condition. And it is normal.
8. It is occasionally necessary to remove the glass tray for cleaning. Wash the tray in
warm sudsy water or in a dishwasher.
9. The roller ring and oven ﬂoor should be cleaned regularly to avoid excessive noise.
Simply wipe the bottom surface of the oven with mild detergent. The roller ring may be
washed in mild, soapy water or in a dishwasher. When removing the roller ring, be
sure to replace it in the proper position.
10. Remove odors from your oven by combining a cup of water with the juice and skin of
one lemon in a microwaveable bowl. Microwave for 5 minutes. Wipe thoroughly and
dry with a soft cloth.
11. If the light bulb burns out, please contact customer service to have it replaced.
12. The oven should be cleaned regularly and any food deposits should be removed.
Failure to maintain the oven in a clean condition could lead to deterioration of surface
that could adversely affect the life of the unit and could possibly result in a hazardous
situation.
13. Please do not dispose of this appliance into the domestic rubbish bin; it should be
disposed to the particular disposal center provided by the municipalities.
14. When the microwave oven with grill function is ﬁrst used, it may produce slight smoke
and smell. This is a normal phenomenon, because the oven is made of a steel plate
coated with lubricating oil, and the new oven will produce fumes and odor generated
by burning the lubricating oil. This phenomenon will disappear after a period of using.
